Handling CephClusterReadOnlyMode (#23)
red-hat-storage/ocs-sop: sop/modules/OSD/partials/procedure_resolution_expansion.adoc

.Options for support
- Update storage cluster to size above 4TB (log support exception and contact Engineering as per escalation flow)
  

>   To update the storage cluster , use the below command, make sure to replace the desired size value with "your_number_here"
>   ---
>   oc patch storagecluster ocs-storagecluster -p '{"spec":{"storageDeviceSets":{"count":"your_number_here"}}}'
>   ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update the storage cluster, use the below command and make sure to replace the "storage_size" placeholder with desired size value (int).
[source,role="execute"]
----
oc patch storagecluster ocs-storagecluster -p '{"spec":{"storageDeviceSets":{"count":"storage_size"}}}'
----
```
